chore: update packages/example deployment script and cleanup package/example (#25091)
cypress-io/cypress: packages/example/README.md

# Example

> This package is responsible for coping the `cypress/e2e` and `app` files from [`cypress-example-kitchensink`](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink) into the cypress repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is responsible for copying the `cypress/e2e` and `app` files from [`cypress-example-kitchensink`](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink) into the cypress repository.
```

> The `cypress/e2e` tests, pulled into this package from the [kitchen sink app](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink, are used for scaffolding user's e2e tests in `packages/data-context` and in `npm/create-cypress-tests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cypress/e2e` tests, pulled into this package from the [kitchen sink app](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink), are used for scaffolding user's e2e tests in `packages/data-context` and in `npm/create-cypress-tests`.
```

> The `app` content, pulled into this package from the [kitchen sink app](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink, are published to `cypress-io/cypress` repository's Github page, [https://example.cypress.io](https://example.cypress.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app` content, pulled into this package from the [kitchen sink app](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink), is published to `cypress-io/cypress` repository's Github page, [https://example.cypress.io](https://example.cypress.io).
```

## Updating Content

**THERE'S LIKELY NO REASON YOU NEED TO EDIT ANY OF THE CODE IN THIS PACKAGE.**

- Want to edit the `example` tests? -> edit it [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/blob/master/cypress/e2e) instead.
- Want to edit the actual [https://example.cypress.io](https://example.cypress.io) website? edit it [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/tree/master/app) instead.

## Major Version Bumps of Cypress

If any of the breaking changes in the next major release requires updates to Cypress commands or APIs, verify the site content in `cypress-example-kitchensink` is up-to-date and that all examples that will be scaffolded can successfully run with the breaking change.

## Using a new version of `cypress-example-kitchen-sink`

> After [new version is automatically](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#deployment) on the [`cypress-example-kitchen-sink` repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/tree/master/cypress/e2e/2-advanced-examples) when a commit is merged to `master`, you will need to update the `example`'s dependency to match the newly released version.

Reviewer: This reads kind of strange to me and I'm struggling to grok it. How is something like this?

```suggestion
When a commit is merged into `master`, a new version of the [`cypress-example-kitchen-sink` repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/tree/master/cypress/e2e/2-advanced-examples) is released [automatically to npm](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#deployment). When this happens, you will need to update the `example`'s dependency to match the newly released version.
```
